feat: scaffold integration delivery configurations (beta) resource (autogen stage 2) (#467)
launchdarkly/terraform-provider-launchdarkly: docs/resources/integration_delivery_configuration.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_integration_delivery_configuration Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly integration delivery configuration resource.
  ~> Beta: This resource wraps a beta LaunchDarkly API. Beta resources may change or be removed in future versions, and the provider sends the LD-API-Version: beta header on every request to this endpoint.

>   Integration delivery configurations connect a LaunchDarkly project environment to a persistent feature store integration (for example an edge key-value store such as fastly, cloudflare, or vercel), so flag and segment data is delivered to that destination. A configuration is scoped to a single project environment and integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Integration delivery configurations connect a LaunchDarkly project environment to a persistent feature store integration (for example, an edge key-value store such as Fastly, Cloudflare, or Vercel), so flag and segment data is delivered to that destination. A configuration is scoped to a single project environment and integration.
```

>   The valid integration_key values and the accepted config fields are defined by each integration's manifest. Many config fields are secrets (for example API tokens); the API returns these obfuscated on read, so the provider treats the config you supply as the source of truth and does not overwrite it from the (obfuscated) server response. As a result, configurations imported via terraform import will show a diff on the secret fields until you re-apply with the real values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The valid integration_key values and the accepted config fields are defined by each integration's manifest. Many config fields are secrets, for example, API tokens. The API returns these obfuscated on read, so the provider treats the config you supply as the source of truth and does not overwrite it from the (obfuscated) server response. As a result, configurations imported using Terraform import will show a diff on the secret fields until you reapply with the real values.
```

---

# launchdarkly_integration_delivery_configuration (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly integration delivery configuration resource.

~> **Beta:** This resource wraps a beta LaunchDarkly API. Beta resources may change or be removed in future versions, and the provider sends the `LD-API-Version: beta` header on every request to this endpoint.

Integration delivery configurations connect a LaunchDarkly project environment to a persistent feature store integration (for example an edge key-value store such as `fastly`, `cloudflare`, or `vercel`), so flag and segment data is delivered to that destination. A configuration is scoped to a single project environment and integration.

> The valid `integration_key` values and the accepted `config` fields are defined by each integration's manifest. Many `config` fields are secrets (for example API tokens); the API returns these obfuscated on read, so the provider treats the `config` you supply as the source of truth and does not overwrite it from the (obfuscated) server response. As a result, configurations imported via `terraform import` will show a diff on the secret fields until you re-apply with the real values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The valid `integration_key` values and the accepted `config` fields are defined by each integration's manifest. Many `config` fields are secrets, for example, API tokens. The API returns these obfuscated on read, so the provider treats the `config` you supply as the source of truth and does not overwrite it from the (obfuscated) server response. As a result, configurations imported using `terraform import` will show a diff on the secret fields until you reapply with the real values.
```
